Adds a new option to skip socket lb when in pod ns (#13882)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/istio.rst

   instructions provided here for the other GSGs. 5 GB and 4 CPUs
   should be enough for this GSG (``--memory=5120 --cpus=4``).

.. note::

>    If Cilium is deployed in kube-proxy-free mode, you need to set

Reviewer: We could add some more details here with regard to the expected behavior. At the very least, specify the command to add the option or clarify that it needs to be set in the cilium deployment yaml.

Author: Provided more details, PTAL.

   instructions provided here for the other GSGs. 5 GB and 4 CPUs
   should be enough for this GSG (``--memory=5120 --cpus=4``).

.. note::

   If Cilium is deployed in kube-proxy-free mode, you need to set
   ``--bpf-socket-lb-hostns-only: true`` in the deployment yaml

>    directly or via ``bpf.socketHostnsOnly`` option with helm.

Reviewer 2: nit:

```suggestion
   directly or via ``bpf.socketHostnsOnly`` option with Helm.
```

Author: Done.

>    Without this option, Cilium will perform socket load balancing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Without this option, Cilium may translate Kubernetes service cluster IP for pod traffic using socket level load balancing
```

Author: curious, is this a generally better tone or? my understanding is that in kube-proxy-free mode, Cilium *will* do socket lb for sure.

Reviewer: In case of kube-proxy-free mode, socket load balancing is more efficient than the packet level load balancing that can happen at the tc layer. Some of the functionality is dependent on a minimum kernel version. How about this - "Without this option, when cilium translates..."?

Author: Done, PTAL :)

   socket load balancing, Istio sidecar will be bypassed, resulting
   in loss of Istio features including encryption and telemetry.

> 

Reviewer 3: This agent knob definitely also needs documentation in Documentation/gettingstarted/kubeproxy-free.rst under advanced configuration, perhaps a small section on its own there. What would also need to be documented are a clear documentation on the limitations of this approach. Which services are affected in what way if we only allow the E-W LB in hostns, see also one of my earlier comments.

Author: Added a section there with some details, we can iterate from there I guess :)
